hey everybody so are ordered from here
off of Amazon and Ali pearls Brazilian
straight came in a birthday and package
let's head to order for bundles I pay
$80 and my 57 cents per four bundles
they're labeled I got to 16 to 14 in an
18 and will regret and paper like those
inside forever
I'm not going anything so that's
exciting
okay so first I'm going to open up the
court they need shocker
that's for just black children other
play comes with a card that we're thank
you
[Applause]
soyal forcing no I got a little back to
it nothing strong but there's nothing
too bad so far back if you washed it
this many probably come out but it's all
really saw this band came from the
packaging because it's loaded over so
gotta come out when a flat on board with
this bundle and a few while a
no here is coming up this is embed color
natural attach doesn't say anything this
is the fourth one - and let the maple my
hair so gotta let the back of my hair
before ten minutes it comfortable here
the 6-pin the mobile card another choker
so I'm following you guys it there
you're not gonna get it absolutely and
on our capacity another hair tie at the
same time it's a light back and I want
to send a has a scent because it doesn't
smell like nothing but it does have a
sense but I am too bad
okay now 16-inch makeup my hair
16 matures all the way down there oh
I'll do two quick things and I want a
tank with six a mess up here both false
and pretty I'm excited to try it
okay this is the 80 ml of course metal
art I will knuckles okay yeah yeah it's
so very rustic through just like the
first one it up another head pain
[Applause]
well I consider that's a longer day here
get the thinner the answer
my stomach
inaudible under snow design this house
three bundles look next to each other so
this is the 14 the 16 and the 18 the 14
16 Mason
we bundle and I order to sustain so I
may not use it all but you know just in
case the bubbling the ghoul 14 and to 16
or to suspense in 18 or 14 16 18 you
know I just have to action for when I do
get it info but this is all three
bundles looks super 6 3 bundles it's a
low shine to it it's not like a high
shine real natural looking
Nina so this is a little off the Amazon
ok $80 and I took advantage of 30 day
trial period for plying so I had no
shipping to handle receive no Texas it's
just $1 combined with the purchase price
of those three bundles there 14 inch
bundle was I believe like $14 and some
change
this 16 inch bundle was $17 a change and
the 18 inch bundle was $22 and change so
yeah and I got to 16 to 14 and 18 so if
you want to see maybe some update videos
on this hair or when I get enough saw
have a look how we held up just let me
know thanks for watching